<b>5/1/2018</b><br>
I thought that Quantopian might be a better platform that just using TDAmeritrade APIs since there is almost no resourses about their APIs which made it extrmely confusing to understand for me who has not much experience working with API which result taking too long for basic tasks for example getting price data for a certian stock which can be done very easily with Quantopian platform which provides a lot of free data which is easy to acssess but sometime taking a long time to load for whatever reason but the problem with it is that the platform has its own notebook server which has its own rule of grammer and also limited on the web browser and it does not aloww people to actually live trade by themself because obviously Quantopian is not a brookerfirm which means it can only be used as a stradgy reserch platform and the actual order excution which might be another platfrom i didnt know of because the only one i konw of right now is TD and i dont really want to pick that up again becasue all the confusion and lack of help in the community. <b>So, the purpose of this brach so far is to test out the Quantopian platform. If its a ideal platform for me Ill use it as a reaserch platform offen. But, again, the actuall order excution will be done on another platform which is very annoying</b>. i really hope quantopian can provide user the opptunity to place real order based on their algorithms but it seems just not going to happen any time soon. with really litte knowlege i will have to figure everything and test them out by myself:(  It will be great if im able to meet some people who has more experience than me and willing to teach me. But i cant jsut expect someoen will willing to teach me so i got to work hard as well.<br>
<b>5/3/2018</b><br>
Eventually I stopped using TD API for multiple reasons. First of all its taking too long. By that i mean there is almost zero resources and absently zero sample you can use. I have to figure everything out by myself which is not impossible, but looking at all the support that BI API had i just thought its a waste of time. Anyway, <b>now i have decided that to use IB(Interactive Broker)'s API to do the actual trading(place order and all that). Also, I do not need a IB account at this point because from now to the point where i can actually make profit with my code, there's gonna be a long time in between.</b>Its really sad the fact that i cant use Robinhood's API which is COMMISSION FREE because first it require a US SS number to register and second, their APIs are private, I have sent an email to ask about it but never got a reply:( So, at this point I believe that I;m ready to start my actual research on trading strategy on Quantopian platform which is pretty exciting.<br>
<b>5/10/2018</b><br>
Buzy from school.... anyway, I thought that its impossible to build a good trading algorithm without understanding the fundimental of the stock market, the financal market, the economy structure or even the world. With my current understanding of stock market. It's a place to maximize the value of money, because same amount money, sitting in your bank account doing nothing, or the money is owned by some guys who has a great business idea and able to turn that money into more and more, still the same money, but in your wallet its not being efficently used which is a waste. So i thought that as a invester in stock market, the basic way to make money is to find company with great potentail
